# OPIM_3223_Final_Project

Ali Scene: 
Ever since 2014 I have been a huge fan of the UConn basketball team (men and women). Other than being known for our prestige academics, basketball was one of the main reasons as to why I committed to UConn my Senior Year of High School. Basketball has definitely defined my college experience because you would always see me at games cheering on the Huskies. In this scence you are put in a first person point of view as if you are a basketball player yourself while listening to hyped up music in the background. The main objective is to get the ball into the hoop that is moving left to right. It is bit diffcult since the animation does not stop for no one but once you finally get the ball in, you will get a sense of accomplishment and hear children/crowd saying "YAY!!" in the background! I chose the sunset in the background as a respresentation of the many beautiful golden hours here at UConn. Sunsets are a friendly reminder that no matter how bad it gets here at the university (whether you are stressing about academics, friends, etc.), you can still have a beautiful ending to a sh*ty day/week/month/year. 

Chris Scene:
In this scene I am showing my Junior year of college. During my junior year I had my car on campus and as a result, received a parking ticket or two. That year I also took biology, and we had a lab where we went to the greenhouses on campus by the Math/Science Building. This scene features the player running around the greenhouses collecting the money needed to pay for their parking ticket. The goal is to collect $100. There is money scattered around the greenhouse that will go towards the player's funds when run into. Move around using the WASD keys and move the camera with the mouse. You can also press spacebar to jump. When you begin the scene a ding indicates you can move and the background music begins to play. There is money on top of cacti, which you will need to jump over. If you touch the cacti, you will take damage. It is currently set up so that you can take 5 hits until you fail the level. From there you will be transported back to the main menu. If you collect $100 you will move to the next scene. 


Nathan Scene:
In my Scene I am paying homage to the stress that I have experienced in school. This game features a player who can move around and collect items which symbolize grades, each one being worth a different number of points. There are also pints of beer on the track and interacting with these costs you time and grade points as it does in real life. You have 30 seconds to accumulate 10 points and get to the graduation object in order to win. If you do not complete your "courses" and pick up bad grades, you won't finish even if you get to graduation, and you lose the game. Additionally, if you complete your courses but do not get to graduation on time, then you won't finish. If you aren't fast enough at earning your grades, the ground falls out from under you and you lose, symbolizing the feeling of not being prepared for school. When you lose, you are transported back to the menu to start again, and if you win then the game loads the next scene. 

Sam Scene:
In my scene it represents the long trek of traveling from Buckley to Gant my freshman year. My game features a player, the bus, traveling from Buckley residence hall to Gant. The player has to navigate through campus and reach class at Gant. The player is being chased by clocks which represent running out of time to get to class. If time runs out (you get hit by three clocks) you lose and get sent back to the menu scene. If you make it to class on time fireworks go off and you get sent to the next scene. The scene includes buildings representing the buildings on campus. The scene also includes working fountains in mirror lake, as well as trees. 
